so when we were planning to come to
Iceland we were checking out the weather
and all the weather apps said like 50s
40s believe yeah 45 of the lease and
even everyone on the interwebs it was
like oh may june 50/50 degree not a big
deal problem and it's like really cold
it's snowing it's snowing so we're like
trying to find another layer another
layer at least some new jackets and
stuff
so yeah those all over ice you would
think but this not a lot of places open
so let's go find another layer and then
we're gonna do more exploring cuz we're
in a new city it's called sticky summer
Shikha summer
Chelsey's a sheep attack keep wiping it
could I don't think she would attack
someone and they're protective of their
base like everything else I just want to
keep their baby she was trying to take a
picture the Sheep just got scared
I just made the best purchase I've made
this entire trip
Sam holy man look at those fire gloves
guys look at the slide
all right here Chelsea comes that was
incredibly fresh it's a very steep slide
this is like really steep oh my god you
guys have you know guys that slide was
so Steven would have only had hi I
almost killed myself years Elven way
that people shouldn't be allowed to go
down
so I just went up this like awesome Hill
that has a lighthouse up at the top and
stick us home where we are I just
brought one of my cameras and it was
such a beautiful hue and that I didn't
bring everything so now I'm going back
up there with all my cameras and it's
the view is just insane
this is insane
it's such a beautiful day today look at
that mountain
freakin tripods touch tracks